hey everyone Rose Biscay here and
welcome back to another five nights at
Freddy's 4 information and speculation
video today we're gonna be talking about
nightmare foxy and is he on the way over
the last few weeks ever since five
nights at Freddy's 4 has been confirmed
we've seen nightmare Freddy with the
cute little friends we have seen
nightmare Bonnie with the scary I and
Klaus and we've also seen nightmare
chica with that sweet sweet low cupcake
on her shoulder but does this mean that
on Saturday or Monday this coming week
are we gonna be seeing nightmare foxy
with four sets of teeth I don't know but
that's the way it looks like it is going
to be happening if we've had a look at
the last teasers we've seen the rest of
the original gang we've got Freddy we
have got chica we've got Bonnie just
need foxy now to complete the set I
think that's where Scott is gonna go
with this he wants to complete this
storyline of the original animatronics
and it envisage his own nightmare we
already know this Scott has had
nightmares about these characters and
them come into life and scaring him
particularly Freddy and Bonnie but we
all know and love foxy foxy is a main
staple of this game that's exactly why
on Monday this coming Monday I think
we're gonna be seeing a nightmare foxy
teaser on Scott Gamescom there are a
couple of things why we are just
assuming that Foxy's next fox is the
final guy out of the original four that
have not been revealed yet Fox is also a
massive fan favorite I think the world
would riot if we didn't see a sweet
sweet scary foxy on the site next week
there's been so many fantastic fan
designs of them nightmare foxy already
on reddit make sure you go and check
some of them out pop links to the ones
that show on the screen down in the
comment section below so you can go and
check them out for yourself or I mean
the description below you know where
what I'm talking about but it's gonna be
good foxy was also the originally the
most scary-looking out of all of them he
was broken he was disheveled leaving
torn apart by the children and just to
see him
in some sort of nightmarish state would
be absolutely fantastic I mean as we've
gone on they've got progressively more
scary in my opinion Freddie wasn't too
bad he was always loved as scary having
a little Freddie's pouring out of his
chest then Bonnie comes along that whole
Luke and it the teeth just extended they
turned back on themselves and they kind
of look like sharks do you think he
moved on to Chico who got an extra set
of teeth on top of that so foxy I'm
expecting foxy to be the scariest one
yet and I for one cannot wait if Scott
follows the same procedure as he already
has done Monday Monday around about
between 7:00 p.m. and 8:00 p.m. UK time
on Monday coming is when I am going to
be refreshed in scottgames.com like my
life depends on it because I really want
to see foxy I really do I think then I
think this might be the last nightmare
character we see as well because is the
original set of characters and it'd be
nice to go back to the original gang
members that we know and love from five
nights at Freddy's one seeing them all
again but even more animated and and
nightmarish is gonna be fantastic
and my idea for the next part of it is
teaser wise I think we'll either see a
nightmare puppet at some point because
we still don't know too much about him
or we will see Freddy Bonnie chica and
then foxy again but what they really
look like if you know what I mean these
nightmarish characters are kind of like
the the pigments of somebody's
imagination from the sound of things
they look like they're gonna be some
mechanic hallucination I don't know how
he's gonna do it but they aren't gonna
be what they actually look like if you
know what I mean what I'm fully
expecting is to see Freddy brand new
brand spankin new
maybe 1987 Freddy when he's first
introduced into the first Freddy
fazbear's pizzaria we're not talking
about five nights at Freddy's 1 I'm not
talking about fredbear's diner we're
talking about the location we've not
seen yet I think what Scott might do
next is introduce chica and foxy looking
brand new looking like they've never
like never even been out on the shop
floor yet maybe
or relatively new anyway and then as the
nights go on we see what they look like
as a nightmarish creatures that's just
one idea and I think that would be a
nice way to continue the teasers up
until we get some sort of teaser trailer
which would be good but the whole point
of this video was nightmare foxy that
guy is on the way he is so on the way
let me know that in the comment section
below what you think do you think it
will be focusing next what do you think
scores gonna troll us by putting BB in
there please don't do that Scott gave us
a nightmare foxy baby I am absolutely
hyped for if you enjoyed today's video
guys and please hit that like button it
really really is appreciated and I'll
see you soon for more information and
speculation regarding five nights at
Freddy's 4 I've been raspberry you've
been a beautiful bastards as always for
watching and I love each and every
single one of you yeah bye